Traffic README 

I found that using a 2D convolutional layer really improved my metrics. Apart from a “flattening” layer this was the first hidden layer that I tried, and it especially improved my loss function (from 1.86 to 0.76). Towards the end of my model testing, I tried using extra 2D convolutional layers but found that this was not too effective so choose to only include one. In terms of the pool size for my 2D convolutional layer, I used trial and error between 32 and 1024 doubling between each attempt. I found that the best pool size was 128 units. For my activation functions, I started off using relu. I tried using a selu activation function instead of relu in my Dense and Conv2D layers but it significantly increased loss and decreased accuracy as well.
I found that using dropout was useful. I initially used a dropout rate of 50% which decreased my loss from 0.47 to 0.35. I then tried 75% which gave me worse results. From there I tried changing the dropout by 5% intervals until I found the optimal rate being 65%. I then tried implementing a max-pooling layer in various positions in my network. Some positions did not improve the model but others did. I eventually settled for it straight after my 2DConv layer and after trying different pool size I used a 2x2. I tried using a batch normalization layer but this did not add any improvement to my model. 
For my output layer I used softmax as my activation, as this is a multi-class classification model. However, I found that softmax was not too useful in my other layers so choose to use relu in those.
